 - A widget is an architectually columnal, pillar-like thing holding a high-level (geometrical) and a low-level (SVG) part
 -  A widget is a cache of a record (assignment item/element, ordered pair) of a bijection, possibly a ternary or multiple-attribute bijection

 - In former versions, a `board` was a set of fiugres with operations needing the entire collection of figures (namely, collision detection). Now, `bijectionSvgToGeom` serves a double role. First, it provides an arcitectually vertical connection between the higher-level physics and the lower-level SVG parts inside the app. Second, its range set fills in the same role that the `board` did in the former versions. That is why in the present version `bijectionSvgToGeom` is aliased as `board` (in the latter role). Only the name has been kept, the former modules not. Note that this role does not have an arcitectually pillar-like nature (unlike the main role `bijectionSvgToGeom`), that's why the `board` concept has been kept at all, although only as an alias, remembering the role name.

 - The ancestor Widget is an abstract class (unlike the ancestor WidgetFactory). Only its children can be instatiated: FigureWidget, TitleWidget, ImageWidget.
 - The ancestor WidgetFactory (unlike Widget) is **not** an abstract class! An instantiated ancestor WidgetFactory object is named as canvasPseudoWidget. It represents a canvas in all its sthree vertical layers. Apart from this, ancestor WidgetFactory has children parallel to Widget: FigureWidgetFactory, TitleWidgetFactory, ImageWidgetFactory.
